Updates (#4020)
react-bootstrap/react-bootstrap: www/src/pages/migrating.mdx

React Bootstrap v1 adds full compatibility with Bootstrap 4. Because bootstrap 4 is a major rewrite of the project there
are significant breaking changes from the pre `v1` react-bootstrap.

**PLEASE FIRST READ THE UPSTREAM BOOSTRAP MIGRATION GUIDE**

> https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/migration/

> React-bootstrap _only_ contains components that are present vanilla bootstrap. If something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React-Bootstrap _only_ contains components that are present in vanilla Bootstrap. If functionality
```

> was removed from bootstrap it was also removed from react-bootstrap. This guide does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was removed from Bootstrap, then it was also removed from React-Bootstrap. This guide does not
```

> repeat info found in the upstream migration guide, it's goal is to document react-bootstrap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repeat information found in the upstream migration guide. Its goal is to document React-Bootstrap-specific
```

> specific API changes and additions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API changes and additions.
```
